Dr. Li, your child has been lacking fatherly love
How about we
What are we?
Together
I'm going to put the kids to bed
Eat slowly
Interesting
Yes, you can.
This Linglong has a good figure.
I said brother
What are you doing when you don't stay abroad?
Although I am just a Yang Zi
But I'm also a brother, so you can call me big brother too
Can a foreign company be handed over to you?
My good brother
You have the heart
My brother, I should have called over, and you said it too
You are just a Yang Zi
Say your last name is Li
It's all flattery
Get out of here. You're not welcome
You're right.
Get out of here
Why are you here to see my jokes?
I'm here to work with you